
Update notes for version 1.09a
------------------------------

In the current version of firstnum109a, numerous improvements have been made and several
bugs fixed, as well as display behaviors that in the previous version, firstnum108b, were
sometimes left to chance.
Furthermore, importantly, the functionality related to the -B option has been partially
re-implemented, which suffered from a serious bug in the previous version. On some occasions,
depending on the numerical series indicated, it did not provide correct results regarding
statistical data, with a discrepancy within +/-1 of the values of the calculated series of
prime and divisible numbers.
The procedure for calculating the mean distance between two adjacent prime numbers relative
to the other options has also been changed, and is now much more accurate for very short
numerical series; additionally, new entries have been introduced in the tail summary regar-
ding the new functionalities implemented via new options and new switches.
The display of the '-n' and '-nT' options has also been substantially changed; now, in
accordance with the functionality of these features, only odd natural numbers that are
divisible are displayed. The '-n' option now also provides prime factorization factors,
while the '-nT' option provides only a list of odd natural numbers that are divisible.
In addition to this, some other options have also been implemented that add new and interes-
ting functionalities, while some others already present have been completed and now provide
more coherent visual results.

Among the new functionalities introduced, the following options have been implemented:

 -g   Provides a list of twin prime numbers of the indicated series, with relative informa-
      tive and statistical headers and footers. The option strictly requires two arguments.
      Usage example: firstnum -g 1234 2345.

 -j   Provides only a numerical list, without header or footer, of the twin prime numbers of
      the indicated numerical series. This option is suitable for obtaining clean numerical
      series on file via output redirection.
      Usage example: firstnum -j 15000 25000.

 -jL  Option similar to '-j', but the addition of the 'L' switch enables specific indentation
      suitable for appending numerical series to files seamlessly.
      Usage example: firstnum -jL 12000 48000 >> ./file_name.

 -e   Option similar to '-k' already implemented in the previous version, designed to obtain
      numerical series lists without headers or footers, suitable for output redirection to
      file. Usage example: firstnum -e 1234 56789 > ./file_name.

 -eL  Option similar to '-e', but the addition of the 'L' switch enables indentation suitable
      for concatenating multiple numerical series lists to files seamlessly.
      Usage example: firstnum -eL 1234 56789 >> ./file_name.

 -pN  The addition of the new 'N' switch allows obtaining the corresponding cardinal position
      for each prime number displayed in the list. For example, the prime numbers 31 and 37
      are respectively the eleventh and twelfth among all prime numbers starting from the
      lowest prime: 2. This option also provides the relative informative and statistical
      headers and footers. The option also allows specifying a single value.
      Usage examples: firstnum -pN 1129 - firstnum -pN 1500 2000.

 -pC  Provides a list of prime numbers by simply indicating their cardinal position, where
      the prime number 2 is in the first position. By indicating two parameters, a final
      statistical report concerning the indicated series is also displayed. The option also
      allows indicating a single cardinal position as a parameter. This option, like the
      previous '-pN', displays pairs of prime numbers and their cardinal position enclosed
      in parentheses; example: 1123 (188).
      Usage examples: firstnum -pC 987 - firstnum -pC 987 1187.

 -lN  Option similar to '-pN', but intended for obtaining clean numerical series lists suita-
      ble for output redirection to file. Generates a clean list without headers and footers.
      Usage example: firstnum -lN 12345 23456.

 -lR  Option similar to '-pN' but intended for concatenating multiple numerical series lists
      to files seamlessly. Generates a clean output without headers or footers.
      Usage example: firstnum -lR 12345 67890 >> ./file_name.

 -lC  Option similar to '-pC' but provides no header or footer, suitable for obtaining clean
      series lists for output redirection to file.
      Usage examples: firstnum -lC 1000 1050 - firstnum -lC 100 9000 > ./file_name.

 -lB  Option similar to '-lC' but intended for concatenating multiple numerical series lists
      to files seamlessly. Provides a clean output without header and footer as well as a
      specific indentation suitable for concatenation.
      Usage example: firstnum -lB 1 65535 >> ./file_name.

 -dV  Provides all divisibility values of a natural number or a series of natural numbers.
      Divisibility values may not be prime factors and may also be multiples of other values
      already present. Usage example: firstnum -dV 10456.
      The example produces the following output: 10456 = 2 4 8 1307 2614 5228.

 -dW  Option similar to '-dV', but additionally provides the ability to set an indentation
      value during the display of numerical series. Explicitly requires three parameters.
      Usage example: firstnum -dW 10456 10476 4.

 -qV  Option similar to '-dV', but suitable for generating numerical series via output redi-
      rection to file. Provides a clean numerical list, without header and footer.
      Usage example: firstnum -qV 10456 10599 > ./file_name.

 -qR  Option similar to '-qV', but intended for generating numerical lists in append mode
      seamlessly to files via output redirection.
      Usage example: firstnum -qR 1000 1999 >> ./file_name.

Aesthetic and functional improvements have been made to the source code with the addition of
new and clearer comments; furthermore, the names of several variables and constants have been
changed to make them more self-explanatory, overall improving the understanding of the code.
Some wordings in different languages have been improved, making them more consistent with the
specific context. The installation procedure has also been completely revised and now includes
a convenient uninstallation procedure. All online help has been improved by introducing more
usage examples of the various options and modes. Finally, a new integrated manual in Spanish
and a new quick help option -?O have been added, which displays a table showing all options
divided by type, functionality, and display mode, useful for quick reference of the countless
combinations between options and functional switches.
It is recommended to install this new version and consider the previous public version of
firstnum as deprecated.

